_projects/2022-07-10-built-keyboards copy.md, before:

---
title: "Mechanical Keyboards"
layout: single
author_profile: true
header:
  teaser: images/portfolio/other_keyboards/lily58.jpg
excerpt: "Designed and Prototyped from Scratch"
# tags: 
#   - mechanical keyboards
#   - robotics
# category: "Fun Side Projects"
usemathjax: true
---

Over the past several years, I've purchased and assembled the following keyboards.

### Lily58 Pro

I chose to purchase the [Lily58](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/lily58) PCB kit because it is relatively inexpensive and has a unique layout. Specifically, I purchased the through-hole version because I wanted individual LEDS for each key. Although in hindsight, I probably would buy the hotswap version instead. To assemble the keyboard, I followed this [build guide](https://github.com/Keycapsss/Lily58L-Build-Guide/blob/master/buildguide_en.md).

All purchased items:
- Keyboard PCB and plates ([$25](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/lily58)) 
- 2 Pro Micros ([$15](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/pro-micro))
- 65 Brown Gateron Switchs ([$18](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2255800821908641.html?spm=a2g0o.order_list.0.0.2c351802cBxvIj&gatewayAdapt=4itemAdapt))
- 2 OLED LCD Display Modules ([$8](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2251832779154549.html?spm=a2g0o.order_list.0.0.2c351802cBxvIj&gatewayAdapt=4itemAdapt))
- 58 SMD Diodes ([$2.50](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/diodes))
- WS2812B 5050 LEDS ([$11.45 ffor 200pcs](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2251832644098280.html?spm=a2g0o.order_list.0.0.2c351802cBxvIj&gatewayAdapt=4itemAdapt))
- TRRS Cable ([$2](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256803229352331.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.0.0.34fa78aapSG84p&algo_pvid=2eb56663-9b52-479d-9620-fc56676bbb99&aem_p4p_detail=202207101641453505941802690320018937349&algo_exp_id=2eb56663-9b52-479d-9620-fc56676bbb99-3&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22sku_id%22%3A%2212000025692890634%22%7D&pdp_npi=2%40dis%21USD%21%211.85%21%21%21%21%21%40210318cb16574965053147162e994c%2112000025692890634%21sea))
- Acrylic OLED Cover ([$3](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/lily58-pro-oled-acrylic-covers 
- Micro USB Cable (pre-owned)))

<div style="text-align:center">
	<img style="height: 50%; width: 50%;" src="/images/portfolio/other_keyboards/lily58.jpg" />
</div>


### Gopolar Tai-Chi GG86 Keyboard
I purchased the [GG86](https://kono.store/products/gopolar-tai-chi-gg86-mechanical-keyboard) keyboard mostly to cheer myself up after a particularly tough month of work. But the huge benefit in purchasing this keyboard is witnessing what high-end mechanical keyboards look like. This thing is no joke!

All purchased items:
- Keyboard and case ($149): Link above
- 100 Cherry MX Red RGB Clear PCB Mount Switches ([$49](https://mechanicalkeyboards.com/shop/index.php?l=product_detail&p=4449)) 
- Ducky 'Frozen Llama' Keycap Set ([$49](https://mechanicalkeyboards.com/shop/index.php?l=product_detail&p=5270))

<div style="text-align:center">
	<img style="height: 50%; width: 50%;" src="/images/portfolio/other_keyboards/gg86.jpg" />
</div>

Commit message:

added lily58 qmk firmware link

_projects/2022-07-10-built-keyboards copy.md, after:

---
title: "Mechanical Keyboards"
layout: single
author_profile: true
header:
  teaser: images/portfolio/other_keyboards/lily58.jpg
excerpt: "Designed and Prototyped from Scratch"
# tags: 
#   - mechanical keyboards
#   - robotics
# category: "Fun Side Projects"
usemathjax: true
---

Over the past several years, I've purchased and assembled the following keyboards.

### Lily58 Pro

I chose to purchase the [Lily58 Pro](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/lily58) PCB kit because it is relatively inexpensive and has a unique layout. Specifically, I purchased the through-hole version because I wanted individual LEDS for each key. Although in hindsight, I probably would buy the hotswap version instead. To assemble the keyboard, I followed this [build guide](https://github.com/Keycapsss/Lily58L-Build-Guide/blob/master/buildguide_en.md). Also, my custom QMK firmware is provided [on my github](https://github.com/maegant/lily58_rgb).

All purchased items:
- Keyboard PCB and plates ([$25](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/lily58)) 
- 2 Pro Micros ([$15](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/pro-micro))
- 65 Brown Gateron Switchs ([$18](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2255800821908641.html?spm=a2g0o.order_list.0.0.2c351802cBxvIj&gatewayAdapt=4itemAdapt))
- 2 OLED LCD Display Modules ([$8](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2251832779154549.html?spm=a2g0o.order_list.0.0.2c351802cBxvIj&gatewayAdapt=4itemAdapt))
- 58 SMD Diodes ([$2.50](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/diodes))
- WS2812B 5050 LEDS ([$11.45 ffor 200pcs](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/2251832644098280.html?spm=a2g0o.order_list.0.0.2c351802cBxvIj&gatewayAdapt=4itemAdapt))
- TRRS Cable ([$2](https://www.aliexpress.com/item/3256803229352331.html?spm=a2g0o.productlist.0.0.34fa78aapSG84p&algo_pvid=2eb56663-9b52-479d-9620-fc56676bbb99&aem_p4p_detail=202207101641453505941802690320018937349&algo_exp_id=2eb56663-9b52-479d-9620-fc56676bbb99-3&pdp_ext_f=%7B%22sku_id%22%3A%2212000025692890634%22%7D&pdp_npi=2%40dis%21USD%21%211.85%21%21%21%21%21%40210318cb16574965053147162e994c%2112000025692890634%21sea))
- Acrylic OLED Cover ([$3](https://keyhive.xyz/shop/lily58-pro-oled-acrylic-covers 
- Micro USB Cable (pre-owned)))

<div style="text-align:center">
	<img style="height: 50%; width: 50%;" src="/images/portfolio/other_keyboards/lily58.jpg" />
</div>


### Gopolar Tai-Chi GG86 Keyboard
I purchased the [GG86](https://kono.store/products/gopolar-tai-chi-gg86-mechanical-keyboard) keyboard mostly to cheer myself up after a particularly tough month of work. But the huge benefit in purchasing this keyboard is witnessing what high-end mechanical keyboards look like. This thing is no joke!

All purchased items:
- Keyboard and case ($149): Link above
- 100 Cherry MX Red RGB Clear PCB Mount Switches ([$49](https://mechanicalkeyboards.com/shop/index.php?l=product_detail&p=4449)) 
- Ducky 'Frozen Llama' Keycap Set ([$49](https://mechanicalkeyboards.com/shop/index.php?l=product_detail&p=5270))

<div style="text-align:center">
	<img style="height: 50%; width: 50%;" src="/images/portfolio/other_keyboards/gg86.jpg" />
</div>
